just been the opposite they've been
really positive yeah they quickly
reorganize themselves and there was a
determining attitude right from the
kickoff going far from long range what a
shot what a goal he took his chance from
that long way out and probable range
they're making the most of each attack
they've scored a good wow he's pretty
hard and he's hitting earlier I think
that's the difference he's caught the
key to honor where's Trey Trey on the
score line oh start the shot it's into
the home match against Lecce knowing
that a win and a min LAN loss could see
them cream to the Scudetto
relegation-threatened leche hadn't won
in three previous area games Andre PLO
sumptuous ball into the box was met by
Claudio Marchisio who nodded home for
his ninth goal of the season it seemed
that the hosts were good for the win as
the first half ended and it got better
for the Bianconeri as one Bell waar was
sent off for a second bookable into the
home match against Lecce knowing that a
win and a min LAN loss could see them
keep the Scudetto relegation-threatened
leche hadn't won in three previous area
games Andre PLO sumptuous ball into the
box was met by Claudio Marchisio who
nodded home for his ninth goal of the
season it seemed that the hosts were
good for the win as the first half ended
and it got better for the Bianconeri as
one belvoir was sent off for a second
bookable looked into the home match
against lecce knowing that a win and a
min LAN loss could see them huge the
scudetto relegation-threatened leche
hadn't won in three previous area games
Andre PLO sumptuous ball into the box
was met by Claudio Marchisio who nodded
home for his ninth goal of the season it
seemed that the hosts were good for the
win as the first half ended and it got
better for the Bianconeri as one Bell
waar was sent off for a second bookable